1. Design a a massively multiplayer online game (MMO).
2. MARTIAN - Martian Mining http://www.spoj.com/problems/MARTIAN/
   The NASA Space Center, Houston, is less than 200 miles from San Antonio, Texas (the site of the ACM Finals this year). 
   This is the place where the astronauts are trained for Mission Seven Dwarfs, the next giant leap in space exploration. 
   The Mars Odyssey program revealed that the surface of Mars is very rich in yeyenum and bloggium. 
   These minerals are important ingredients for certain revolutionary new medicines, but they are extremely rare on Earth. 
   The aim of Mission Seven Dwarfs is to mine these minerals on Mars and bring them back to Earth.
   The Mars Odyssey orbiter identified a rectangular area on the surface of Mars that is rich in minerals. 
   The area is divided into cells that form a matrix of n rows and m columns, where the rows go from east to west 
   and the columns go from north to south. The orbiter determined the amount of yeyenum and bloggium in each cell. 
   The astronauts will build a yeyenum refinement factory west of the rectangular area and a bloggium factory to the north.
   Your task is to design the conveyor belt system that will allow them to mine the largest amount of minerals.
   There are two types of conveyor belts: the first moves minerals from east to west, 
   the second moves minerals from south to north. In each cell you can build either type of conveyor belt, 
   but you cannot build both of them in the same cell. 
   If two conveyor belts of the same type are next to each other, then they can be connected. 
   For example, the bloggium mined at a cell can be transported to the bloggium refinement factory via 
   a series of south-north conveyor belts.
   The minerals are very unstable, thus they have to be brought to the factories on a straight path without any turns. 
   This means that if there is a south-north conveyor belt in a cell, 
   but the cell north of it contains an east-west conveyor belt, 
   then any mineral transported on the south-north conveyor beltwill be lost. 
   The minerals mined in a particular cell have to be put on a conveyor belt immediately, 
   in the same cell (thus they cannot start the transportation in an adjacent cell). 
   Furthermore, any bloggium transported to the yeyenum refinement factory will be lost, and vice versa.
   
   Your program has to design a conveyor belt system that maximizes the total amount of minerals mined,
   i.e., the sum of the amount of yeyenum transported to the yeyenum refinery 
   and the amount of bloggium transported to the bloggium refinery.
   
   Input
   The input contains several blocks of test cases. Each case begins with a line containing two integers: 
   the number 1 <= n <= 500 of rows, and the number 1 <= m <= 500 of columns. 
   The next n lines describe the amount of yeyenum that can be found in the cells. 
   Each of these n lines contains m integers. 
   The first line corresponds to the northernmost row; 
   the first integer of each line corresponds to the westernmost cell of the row. 
   The integers are between 0 and 1000. 
   The next n lines describe in a similar fashion the amount of bloggium found in the cells.
   The input is terminated by a block with n = m = 0.
   Output
   For each test case, you have to output a single integer on a separate line: 
   the maximum amount of mineralsthat can be mined.
   Example
   Input:
   4 4
   0 0 10 9
   1 3 10 0
   4 2 1 3 
   1 1 20 0
   10 0 0 0
   1 1 1 30
   0 0 5 5
   5 10 10 10
   0 0
   Output
   98
3. MIXTURES - Mixtures http://www.spoj.com/problems/MIXTURES/
  Harry Potter has n mixtures in front of him, arranged in a row. 
  Each mixture has one of 100 different colors (colors have numbers from 0 to 99).
  He wants to mix all these mixtures together. 
  At each step, he is going to take two mixtures that stand next to each other and mix them together, 
  and put the resulting mixture in their place.
  When mixing two mixtures of colors a and b, the resulting mixture will have the color (a+b) mod 100.
  Also, there will be some smoke in the process. 
  The amount of smoke generated when mixing two mixtures of colors a and b is a*b.
  Find out what is the minimum amount of smoke that Harry can get when mixing all the mixtures together.
  Input
  There will be a number of test cases in the input.
  The first line of each test case will contain n, the number of mixtures, 1 <= n <= 100.
  The second line will contain n integers between 0 and 99 - the initial colors of the mixtures.
  Output
  For each test case, output the minimum amount of smoke.
  Example
  Input:
  2
  18 19
  3
  40 60 20
  Output:
  342
  2400
  In the second test case, there are two possibilities:
  first mix 40 and 60 (smoke: 2400), getting 0, then mix 0 and 20 (smoke: 0); total amount of smoke is 2400
  first mix 60 and 20 (smoke: 1200), getting 80, then mix 40 and 80 (smoke: 3200); total amount of smoke is 4400
  The first scenario is a much better way to proceed.
  
4. BUGLIFE - A Bug’s Life http://www.spoj.com/problems/BUGLIFE/
   Professor Hopper is researching the sexual behavior of a rare species of bugs. 
   He assumes that they feature two different genders and that they only interact with bugs of the opposite gender. 
   In his experiment, individual bugs and their interactions were easy to identify, 
   because numbers were printed on their backs.
   Given a list of bug interactions, decide whether the experiment supports his assumption of 
   two genders with no homosexual bugs or if it contains some bug interactions that falsify it.
   Input
   The first line of the input contains the number of scenarios. 
   Each scenario starts with one line giving the number of bugs (at least one, 
   and up to 2000) and the number of interactions (up to 1000000) separated by a single space. 
   In the following lines, each interaction is given in the form of two distinct bug numbers separated by a single space. 
   Bugs are numbered consecutively starting from one.
   Output
   The output for every scenario is a line containing “Scenario #i:”, 
   where i is the number of the scenario starting at 1, 
   followed by one line saying either “No suspicious bugs found!” 
   if the experiment is consistent with his assumption about the bugs’ sexual behavior, 
   or “Suspicious bugs found!” if Professor Hopper’s assumption is definitely wrong.
   Example
   Input:
   2
   3 3
   1 2
   2 3
   1 3
   4 2
   1 2
   3 4
   
   Output:
   Scenario #1:
   Suspicious bugs found!
   Scenario #2:
   No suspicious bugs found!
   
5. ANARC08G - Think I will Buy Me a Football Team http://www.spoj.com/problems/ANARC08G/
   Falling Stocks. Bankrupted companies. Banks with no Cash. 
   Seems like the best time to invest: "Think I'll buy me a football team!" 
   No seriously, I think I have the solution to at least the problem of cash in banks. 
   Banks nowadays are all owing each other great amounts of money a
   nd no bank has enough cash to pay other banks' debts even though, on paper at least, 
   they should have enough money to do so. Take for example the inter-bank loans shown in figure (a). 
   The graph shows the amounts owed between four banks (A ...D). 
   For example, A owes B 50M while, at the same time, B owes A 150M. 
   (It is quite common for two banks to owe each other at the same time.) 
   A total amount of 380M in cash is needed to settle all debts between the banks. 
   In an attempt to decrease the need for cash, and after studying the example carefully, 
   I concluded that there's a lot of cash being transferred unnecessarily. Take a look: 
   1. C owes D the same amount as D owes A, so we can say that C owes A an amount of 30M and get D out of the picture.
   2. But since A already owes C 100M, we can say that A owes C an amount of 70M. 
   3. Similarly, B owes A 100M only, (since A already owes B 50M.) 
   This reduces the above graph to the one shown in figure (b) which reduces the needed cash amount to 190M 
   (A reduction of 200M, or 53%.) 
   4. I can still do better. Rather than B paying A 100M and A paying 70M to C, 
   B can pay 70M (out of A's 100M) directly to C. 
   This reduces the graph to the one shown in figure (c). 
   Banks can settle all their debts with only 120M in cash. 
   A total reduction of 260M or 68%. Amazing! 
   I have data about inter-bank debts 
   but I can't seem to be able to process it to obtain the minimum amount of cash needed to settle all the debts. 
   Could you please write a program to do that?
   Input
   Your program will be tested on one or more test cases. 
   Each test case is specified on N + 1 lines where N < 1, 
   000 is the number of banks and is specified on the first line. 
   The remaining N lines specifies the inter-bank debts using an NXN adjacency matrix 
   (with zero diagonal) specified in row-major order. 
   The ith row specifies the amounts owed by the ith bank. 
   Amounts are separated by one or more spaces. All amounts are less than 1000. 
   The last line of the input file has a single 0.
   Output
   For each test case, print the result using the following format: 
   k. B A 
   where k is the test case number (starting at 1,) is a space character, 
   B is the amount of cash needed before reduction and A is the amount of cash after reduction.
   Example
   Input:
   4
  0  50 100   0
  150   0  20   0
  0   0   0  30
  30   0   0   0
  0
  Output:
  1. 380 120
